First, the library.
The library system's been around in Windows Client for quite a while.
I think Windows 7 was when Microsoft first gave us this.
In the File Explorer windows,
you've probably noticed a component in the tree
that you can turn on and turn off, I'll show you in the demo how to do that,
that breaks it down by media type.
These are just default libraries that you can do with what you wish,
and you can add additional libraries to suit your business needs.
What's confusing to many long-term Windows users is that by clicking Documents,
it seems to take you into your Home folder,
which is C:\\users\Username\Documents, but that's not exactly true.
As you can see in the screenshot here,
the Documents library actually consists of one or more locations.
For instance, I have the OneDrive client application on this workstation,
so it's embracing not only my Home folder documents,
but also my OneDrive documents.
So what I want to say is that the library is essentially a collection of
virtual folder locations which can actually aggregate one or more spots on
your local system and/or other systems on your network.
It's a very convenient way to aggregate related files,
and then you can take advantage of, for instance,
the File Explorer's Search capability to quickly
locate the documents that you need. Let's get right into a demo so I can show you how this works.